---

title: The Worst Encounter of My Life Was with a Devout Believer

author: Feminive

slug: the-worst-encounter-of-my-life-was-with-a-devout-believer

published: 2024-07-13

description: A simple example of a Markdown blog post.

episode: 11

novela: Others

category: Hetero

novelaSlug: others

img: contos.jpeg

novelaDesc: A series of standalone tales and fanfictions that are yet to be part of a larger narrative.

---

Not every story unfolds with delight, and today I shall recount an encounter with a girl I met who was, indeed, a devout believer! Yes, a believer! But can a lesbian truly be a believer? Certainly, I know many, yet let us be frank—how can a lesbian devotee reconcile her faith? The church often shuns those who love differently! Thus, it all began…

A mutual friend spoke of a girl he had encountered; in essence, they were at a bar, indulging in a few drinks, and when he approached her, she rebuffed him. To justify her rejection, she claimed to have an affinity for women, but struggled with it due to her faith. She confessed to having been with girls before, yet tried to avoid it, feeling guilty. Such individuals frustrate me; they are challenging to navigate, and I am not a psychologist—engaging with troubled souls is not my desire. Upon hearing about her, I immediately declined, but then he showed me her picture, and I found myself exclaiming, “Glory be!” The woman was stunning. Fair-skinned, with dark brown hair, slender but curvaceous, utterly Instagram-worthy for my bedroom!

I added her, and we began chatting casually. The rascal informed her that I was a believer too—well, I am Catholic, raised in the pews, but if the priest were to know the number of souls I have led into temptation… I haven’t set foot in a church since adulthood. I harbor resentment toward churches!

She arranged to meet me on Saturday! Splendid, I responded immediately… but it was after a service at one of those trendy churches she was visiting for the first time! So, our encounter was to occur post-service, and we would then head somewhere else. I accepted her proposal, planning to cancel later; however, as we conversed further, I discovered she was genuinely intriguing, and I found myself truly wanting to meet her. She never mentioned anything about pursuing women, but I sensed she was one of those coy types, _“Oops, I’m tipsy! I must indulge in your body!”_

I met her at the service; she was radiant in a dress and cardigan, resembling a young maiden in a modest floral dress with her hair neatly tied back. In her hands was a hefty Bible and a delicate cross necklace. “_Oh dear, I think I have developed a new fetish for believers_” — I mused silently.

The fragrance she wore was delightful; what a captivating woman! We entered the church, attended the service, and, unsurprisingly, though the sermon was not about it, the pastor proclaimed that Jesus loves everyone, yet they all face damnation. Once the service concluded, I suggested we grab a bite and share some beers. I swear, while I desired more, I anticipated nothing beyond a few kisses. I had taken precautions, prepared for the unexpected. But then I heard her.

— “The other day, I was contemplating inviting you to my home!” — the angel before me proclaimed!

I eagerly accepted! We hopped into her car. On the way, she stopped on an unfamiliar street, and I genuinely feared as she exited the vehicle to converse with some dubious characters, seemingly purchasing something. It was drugs; the audacious one smokes a little joint! I’m not a fan, but so be it!

— “I bought something for us” — she said, re-entering the car, all sheepish!

Everything was already amiss; the audacity of dragging me to a church only to lead me to a drug den! Yet, I thought it could still be salvaged! We arrived at her home, nestled in an affluent neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro, a condominium of old but upscale houses; those who reside there are not struggling like I am. Inside, the decor was antiquated, reminiscent of a wealthy family. I kept my hands close to my body, fearful of breaking anything.

She offered me a beer, and we chatted. Eventually, I broached the subject, and she giggled, feigning ignorance, speaking of Jesus… “_My dear, are you a lesbian or not?_” — I thought, striving not to reveal my frustration. She dodged the question as best as she could, but was rapidly depleting her drink. By the time the fourth can was opened, she confessed to having a vice that helped her unwind and invited me to partake. It was cocaine; the audacious woman was a junkie! “_This lady will overdose in front of me, and I’ll end up in jail accused of supplying her!_” I felt apprehensive and told her it would ruin me, yet she was free to indulge. The pure-dressed lady, now lost to the alcohol, was no longer composed; she had snorted nearly an entire line in front of me. I was on the verge of calling an Uber when she, fully energized, declared.

— “I believe I have a very bad spirit within me, which sometimes ignites a fire…” — she said, advancing toward me.

“_My dear, I can exorcise demons with pleasure_” — I thought. And I lunged toward her, planting the wettest kiss I could muster. To my surprise, she was quite the kisser; we initiated foreplay atop the fabric, our hands roaming each other's bodies, kisses on necks, and passionate nibbles; things were heating up! Suddenly, I heard a sob; the woman inexplicably began to weep! “_I simply cannot believe this; am I destined to return home all teary?_” — I thought, wearing a frustrated expression. But being the soft-hearted fool I am, I embraced her to console.

She babbled incessantly through her tears. I could only listen, pondering how to make my escape. Until she slipped off her sandals; I didn’t pay much mind to it, but soon after, she brought her hands to her back to unzip her dress. “_She must just be loosening the dress or removing her bra…_” — I thought. But then the woman fully unzipped her dress and discarded her bra; the dress gaping, its strap falling, could no longer support her breasts, which were now nonchalantly displayed; they were perfection, resembling the breasts of a youthful maiden, firm and pert.

— “Will you stay with me tonight? Sleep here with me!” — the weeper implored.

— “I’m not sure; it would be better for you to rest. Why not take a shower?” — I suggested.

I don’t know if she accepted my suggestion, for she removed her clothing and stood before me in her beige believer's underwear as if we were the best of friends. “_Forgiveness comes from God_” — I thought, and I lunged once more, kissing her fervently. I employed a technique that melded jiu-jitsu with the kama sutra—hands on her chest, mouth on her breasts, with everything else directed below! Peeking to gauge her reaction, I found her moaning. Her body was firm, everything in place; her skin was delectable, the confirmed firmness of her breasts was now tangible. Her backside felt like stone, and she radiated warmth. The lady responded to my touches, her hands gliding over me, attempting to remove my clothing. I was drawn toward a room, and upon entering, I discovered it was her bedroom. Barely inside, she discarded her underwear and reclined with her legs wide open. The girl was meticulously laser-etched, devoid of any flaw, resembling a plastic doll, and I dove in to indulge, only to find, to my utter dismay, that she smelled of urine. Seriously, she must have had some incontinence issue; she didn’t strike me as a dirty girl, yet it was as if she had literally wet herself.

Realizing I was reluctant to please her, she excused herself to the bathroom. While she was gone, I took a moment to check myself, and as always, despite being drenched in sweat, dear mother, I remained fragrant! I was still clad in my underwear and bra. “_I won’t remove my clothing; if she isn’t interested, I don’t want to feel rejected_” — that was the plan I devised; thus, I settled at the end of the bed, fiddling with my phone.

She returned, rejuvenated and smelling of soap! “_Thank God!_” Completely nude, she perched on my thigh and began to grind against me; it felt good, yet with such force, it was causing discomfort. I held on, for she moaned so loudly, it seemed she was nearing ecstasy. I was no longer enjoying being there, yet I watched to see where this would lead.

— “Do you want to taste me?” — I inquired, removing my underwear.

She either didn’t hear or chose to ignore me. She climbed atop me, kissing my breasts before I could remove the bra; she acted like a fifteen-year-old boy who had never encountered breasts before, sucking with such ferocity, I believed I was lactating that instant. Goodness, what a painful suck! The wretched girl bit my nipple, and no matter how much I cried out: “Ouch!” she shifted her attention elsewhere, squeezing my breast as if it were undergoing a mammogram. I struggled to grasp the situation and redirect our activities when she shoved her fingers inside my underwear, thrusting two fingers within me. Her nails clawed unceremoniously at my insides, causing me immense pain. I gasped and urged her to ease up, but she continued to pound her fingers with her artificial nails into my core.

— “Darling… My heart… Please stop…” — I pleaded, yet she persisted…

— “Stop it, damn it!” — I shouted!

— “Have you ever been with a woman before?” — I asked, infuriated.

The wretched creature began to weep. I didn’t care; I started to dress, finding a tissue on the bedside that I used to wipe myself and noticed it was stained with blood.

— “Look what you’ve done!” — I exclaimed, showing her the tissue I tossed in her direction. I simply dressed while she cried and made my exit.

Upon returning home, I took a shower and inspected myself in the mirror, curious about what had transpired. On the way back, I felt something inside me slicing; I inserted a finger to discern the pain, and lo and behold! There was an artificial nail lodged within my vagina.

The believer had the audacity to inform my friend, without divulging much detail, that she didn’t find me a likable person. A filthy, drug-addicted wretch. I blocked her and didn’t even read the lengthy message she sent me the following day.