---

title: In the Bathroom of the Club

author: Feminive

slug: in-the-bathroom-of-the-club

published: 2024-11-15

description: A simple example of a Markdown blog post.

episode: 13

novel: Others

category: Lesbians

novelSlug: others

img: contos.jpeg

novelDesc: A series of standalone tales and fanfics that have yet to be part of a larger narrative.

---

I found myself free once more, emerging from a long relationship, my heart still shattered. I yearned for someone to fill the void he had left behind. His touch lingered on my skin, his scent still danced in my nostrils, and the longing for his body remained intense. I craved to live, I needed to live; I required someone to ignite the spark of existence within me...

It was an ordinary night at the club, much like countless others, my friends sought to console me, pouring drinks down my throat and pushing me toward every handsome man that crossed our path. I tried to feel something, to desire, but nothing sparked within; it was not the same. Yet, here I was, dancing amidst laughter and flashing lights, attempting to forget, striving to reclaim something that had slipped away.

Amidst the thrumming music, something drew my attention, as if by magnetic force; she seemed to capture me entirely. With piercing eyes and hair messily gathered atop her head, she gazed at me as if she understood precisely what I needed. I was ensnared by her gaze, unable to look away until she turned her face, seemingly indicating a direction. Upon receiving my silent confirmation, she wove through the crowd toward a destination — the club's bathroom.

Upon entering the bathroom, I found other girls gossiping before the mirror and a couple lost in each other’s embrace near the door, the scent of smoke hanging heavily in the air, rendering it stifling. She stood by one of the stalls and smiled at me. I understood her invitation. Approaching her, she seized my arm, pulling me inside like a spider ensnaring its prey in a web. As soon as the door was locked, without any consent given, her tongue invaded my mouth; for a fleeting moment, I felt violated by that kiss, yet, perplexingly, I craved more. My body quickly heated, the ferocity of desire igniting between my thighs, my breasts hardened and sensitive under my bra, my face ablaze, undoubtedly bright red.

The taste of alcohol lingered on her tongue against mine, her lips soft, and her hands roamed hungrily over my clothes, seeking zippers and buttons to release their hold. I had yet to hear her voice when the fabric that covered my pelvis was suddenly at my knees.

— Gorgeous...

This was the first utterance from her lips before I felt her fingers exploring between my legs, searching for something wet to facilitate her task. At that touch, my mouth fell open in involuntary gasps, her tongue never ceasing its dance with mine. My body surrendered, her touch was exquisite, and the thrill heightened my pleasure to the point where coherent thought eluded me. She found the perfect spot, invading me deeply with her fingers, then circling my most sensitive area with precision. I moaned loudly amid the booming music of the nightclub; I would never be heard; she could take me to the brink of ecstasy, and no one would ever know.

In a fluid motion, my top was pulled down to my waist along with my bra, and with her nails, hands, and fingers, she began to tease, squeeze, and twist my rosy, sensitive breasts. Abandoning my mouth, she began to suck on my exposed breasts, the sight of this woman, her hands ravaging my body with such ferocity, ignited a primal need within me; I craved her deeply, desperately wanted to be filled, to be penetrated hard, to be taken with force! I had to settle for her fingers, which were almost driving me to the precipice of orgasm.

When I realized what she intended to do next, I attempted to protest, yet all that escaped my lips was an expletive.

— Holy shit! — I exclaimed, clutching her hair in a frenzy, unsure of what to do with my hands.

She knelt without hesitation and went straight for it, sucking boldly, her fingers joining in, penetrating me deeply, stretching me further. It was a conflagration of pain and pleasure that erupted through my body, soaking her fingers as my essence flowed freely, the aroma of my arousal permeating the air, surpassing all other scents in that cramped space. Her hot tongue swept over me, executing movements I could hardly follow. I had to brace myself against the bathroom's walls, using a foot to support myself against the filthy toilet to remain upright. I was screaming without realizing it, moaning, cursing, and she showed no mercy, punishing me with her mouth, delivering one of the most magnificent orgasms I had ever experienced. Arching my back, I thrust my hips forward as she gripped a breast and continued her relentless assault; I felt no compassion as the orgasm surged through me, stealing my strength and leaving me trembling uncontrollably.

When she deemed herself satisfied, she rose, leaning in close as if to share the same breath and whispered:

— Get yourself together! — No sooner had she finished her brief command than she planted a fleeting kiss to distract me and unlocked the door, signaling our exit.

I needed to dry myself, to compose myself, to comprehend what had just transpired. I assumed she would wait for me outside; I longed to hear her voice, to learn her name, but she was no longer there. When I finally emerged, reassembled, I searched for her and found her on the dance floor, ensnaring yet another victim — vixen!

To this day, I do not know her name; that was the first and last time I was with a woman. _“Thank you, dear stranger, for allowing me to forget him, if only for today!”_ — Tonight, for this night, I once again wore a smile upon my face.